README.md, before:

# Assets

Various static assets files for the TF2Stadium website.

## License

This repository contains assets developed and released by other,
unrelated organizations; along with assets developed by TF2Stadium
team members and former team members. Because of the variety of works
hosted in this repository, they are available under many licenses or
permissions. The two licenses used by TF2Stadium-created assets are
the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0, available in
gpl-3.0.txt) and the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike 4.0
license (CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0, available in cc-by-sa-4.0.txt).

Many assets are TF2/Valve derivative works; for example, some are made
in Source Filmmaker (SFM) using TF2/Valve-owned assets. On their
official FAQ, Valve lists that these assets are allowed to be used as
long as we remain totally non-commercial:
http://www.sourcefilmmaker.com/faq/

Because not all of the file formats in this repository allow for
authorship and licensing metadata to be embedded, or for formats that
do, for that metadata to be easily browsed without special tools, a
complete list of the for authorship and licensing of files in this
repository is maintained in this README.md file, with 3rd-party
content listed at the top:

* **fonts/FiraSansLight.otf**: Digitized data copyright (c) 2012-2015,
  The Mozilla Foundation and Telefonica S.A. Licensed under the SIL
  OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 (OFL-1.1, available at
  http://scripts.sil.org/OFL )

* **fonts/KelsonSansLight.otf** and **fonts/KelsonSansRegular.otf**
  are copyright (c) 2013 Bruno Mello, released for free usage. See
  https://www.behance.net/gallery/5303295/Kelson

* **fonts/norwester.otf**: Copyright (c) 2013 Jamie Wilson, released at
  http://jamiewilson.io/norwester/ under the SIL Open Font License
  (see above link).

* **img/emotes/emojione/*.png**: EmojiOne icons by Ranks.com; released
  under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International

* **img/emotes/kevin.png** and **img/emotes/kevinross.png**: Developed
  by team members and released under the GPL-3.0

* **emojione.json**: Emoji config file created by a Frontend utility
  script, released under the GPL-3.0

* **img/icons/material/*.svg**: From Google's Material Design Icons
  (https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/ ), released under
  the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC-BY-4.0). Some
  of them a `-<color>` suffix contain slight modifications by
  TF2Stadium team members to change the color of the icon.

* **img/icons/class/*.svg**: TF2-inspired class icons, contributed by
  TF2Stadium team member lyreix under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/formats/*.jpg**: Contributed by TF2Stadium team member lyreix
  under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/badges/{contributor,moderator}.svg**: Contributed by
  TF2Stadium team member retro under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/badges/administrator.{svg,png}**: PNG contributed by devamar
  under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0. Vectorized by TF2Stadium team member lyreix.

* **img/{,not-}mumble.svg**: From the
  [Mumble](https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble) project, vectorized
  with slight modifications by TF2Stadium team member lyreix. See
  `mumble-license.txt`

* **img/{favicon.ico,logo-*.{svg,png}}**: Contributed by TF2Stadium team
  members retro (design) and lyreix (vectorization/coloring) under
  CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/maps/*/*.jpg**: TF2 Map screenshots, contributed by TF2Stadium
  team member kevinispwn under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/header-bg.jpg**: Header background, a TF2 map
  screenshot. Contributed by TF2Stadium team member kevinispwn under
  CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **video/koth_suijin.\***: Header backgrounds, a TF2 map
  video. Contributed by TF2Stadium team member kevinispwn under
  CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/steam-login-small.png**: Login button for Steam, retrieved
  from: https://steamcommunity.com/dev/ which requests the use of
  their images when starting a Steam OpenID sign in.

* **img/logos/twitch\*** and **img/twitch-login.png**: Twitch assets,
  permission for use is explained in the
  [Twitch JS SDK README](https://github.com/justintv/twitch-js-sdk/blob/61ce1b94c213c43cc29f315dba64ee358a8050fe/README.md#assets)
  and their brand assets page: http://www.twitch.tv/p/brandassets

* **img/steam*.svg**: Steam logos, vectorized by TF2Stadium team
  member lyreix.

* **img/logos/{tftv,etf2l,ugc,logstf}.{svg,png}**: Logos of other TF2
  community sites, used for linking to their respective leagues.

* **sounds/lobby-{start,readyup}.wav**: From TF2

<!--  LocalWords:  metadata
 -->

Commit message:

Add repo abandonment notice
Signed-off-by: George Pittarelli <tf2stadium@gjp.cc>

README.md, after:

# Assets (DEPRECATED)

These assets (and all aditional modifications or additional assets)
have been merged back into the main
[Frontend](github.com/tf2stadium/Frontend) repo, under the
`src/assets` directory (where this licensing information, along with
updates, is also reproduced).

# Old README

Various static assets files for the TF2Stadium website.

## License

This repository contains assets developed and released by other,
unrelated organizations; along with assets developed by TF2Stadium
team members and former team members. Because of the variety of works
hosted in this repository, they are available under many licenses or
permissions. The two licenses used by TF2Stadium-created assets are
the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0, available in
gpl-3.0.txt) and the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike 4.0
license (CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0, available in cc-by-sa-4.0.txt).

Many assets are TF2/Valve derivative works; for example, some are made
in Source Filmmaker (SFM) using TF2/Valve-owned assets. On their
official FAQ, Valve lists that these assets are allowed to be used as
long as we remain totally non-commercial:
http://www.sourcefilmmaker.com/faq/

Because not all of the file formats in this repository allow for
authorship and licensing metadata to be embedded, or for formats that
do, for that metadata to be easily browsed without special tools, a
complete list of the for authorship and licensing of files in this
repository is maintained in this README.md file, with 3rd-party
content listed at the top:

* **fonts/FiraSansLight.otf**: Digitized data copyright (c) 2012-2015,
  The Mozilla Foundation and Telefonica S.A. Licensed under the SIL
  OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 (OFL-1.1, available at
  http://scripts.sil.org/OFL )

* **fonts/KelsonSansLight.otf** and **fonts/KelsonSansRegular.otf**
  are copyright (c) 2013 Bruno Mello, released for free usage. See
  https://www.behance.net/gallery/5303295/Kelson

* **fonts/norwester.otf**: Copyright (c) 2013 Jamie Wilson, released at
  http://jamiewilson.io/norwester/ under the SIL Open Font License
  (see above link).

* **img/emotes/emojione/*.png**: EmojiOne icons by Ranks.com; released
  under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International

* **img/emotes/kevin.png** and **img/emotes/kevinross.png**: Developed
  by team members and released under the GPL-3.0

* **emojione.json**: Emoji config file created by a Frontend utility
  script, released under the GPL-3.0

* **img/icons/material/*.svg**: From Google's Material Design Icons
  (https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/ ), released under
  the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC-BY-4.0). Some
  of them a `-<color>` suffix contain slight modifications by
  TF2Stadium team members to change the color of the icon.

* **img/icons/class/*.svg**: TF2-inspired class icons, contributed by
  TF2Stadium team member lyreix under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/formats/*.jpg**: Contributed by TF2Stadium team member lyreix
  under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/badges/{contributor,moderator}.svg**: Contributed by
  TF2Stadium team member retro under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/badges/administrator.{svg,png}**: PNG contributed by devamar
  under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0. Vectorized by TF2Stadium team member lyreix.

* **img/{,not-}mumble.svg**: From the
  [Mumble](https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble) project, vectorized
  with slight modifications by TF2Stadium team member lyreix. See
  `mumble-license.txt`

* **img/{favicon.ico,logo-*.{svg,png}}**: Contributed by TF2Stadium team
  members retro (design) and lyreix (vectorization/coloring) under
  CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/maps/*/*.jpg**: TF2 Map screenshots, contributed by TF2Stadium
  team member kevinispwn under CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/header-bg.jpg**: Header background, a TF2 map
  screenshot. Contributed by TF2Stadium team member kevinispwn under
  CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **video/koth_suijin.\***: Header backgrounds, a TF2 map
  video. Contributed by TF2Stadium team member kevinispwn under
  CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.

* **img/steam-login-small.png**: Login button for Steam, retrieved
  from: https://steamcommunity.com/dev/ which requests the use of
  their images when starting a Steam OpenID sign in.

* **img/logos/twitch\*** and **img/twitch-login.png**: Twitch assets,
  permission for use is explained in the
  [Twitch JS SDK README](https://github.com/justintv/twitch-js-sdk/blob/61ce1b94c213c43cc29f315dba64ee358a8050fe/README.md#assets)
  and their brand assets page: http://www.twitch.tv/p/brandassets

* **img/steam*.svg**: Steam logos, vectorized by TF2Stadium team
  member lyreix.

* **img/logos/{tftv,etf2l,ugc,logstf}.{svg,png}**: Logos of other TF2
  community sites, used for linking to their respective leagues.

* **sounds/lobby-{start,readyup}.wav**: From TF2

<!--  LocalWords:  metadata
 -->
